Add indeterminate checkbox example (#1589)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/checkbox/partials/code/how-to-use.md

</Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field>
```

#### Indeterminate

> In addition to the checked and unchecked states, a checkbox can be in an indeterminate state, also refered to as partially checked state. A common usecase for this state is when a parent checkbox allows the user select multiple children checkboxes at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the checked and unchecked states, a checkbox can be in an indeterminate state, also referred to as partially checked state. A common use case for this state is when a parent checkbox allows the user select multiple children checkboxes at once.
```

Author: Excellent!
